tradition adventure this is home video
out doors man this is what rivington is
all about right here at this moment
these moments are generations in the
making I get this much enjoyment out of
this guiding to hunt as I do actually
hunting myself one of my favorite places
to come out ducks and geese is down in
this part of the world we're living the
dream this morning fellas this is our
heritage and this is your opportunity to
hunt with the best
welcome to Remington Country
you
I'm never disappointed be in the field
I've never disappointed to be out here
once I'm on a stock I don't give up it's
really a sport of adventure this is what
Remington is all about right here got
what did those come with a little I
hundred since I was old enough to hold
BB gun it was bred into me this is what
we were brought up to do and you know to
see the smiles on their face and heavy
breathing when we've walked miles and we
still have miles to walk that's all part
of the hunt you know we were in the
right spot two seconds and we're done
that's the one I love about ELQ I'm Evan
hunting ducks for 40 years it's hard
work sometimes you just have to wait it
out it is this poor where you look at
that ride you know I want to see what's
behind that tree
you